instantiate an object that is a member of a subclass, you actually are calling both the constructor for the base class and the constructor for the extended, derived class

create any subclass object, the superclass constructor must execute first, and _then_ the subclass constructor execute

superclass contains a default constructor and you instantiate a subclass object, the execution of the superclass constructor usually is transparent—that is, nothing calls attention to the fact that the superclass constructor is executing unless the constructor contains some action such as displaying a message.

create a child object, _both_ the parent and child constructors execute.

nitializing the data fields that originate in the superclass. Usually, the subclass constructor needs to initialize only the data fields that are specific to the subclass.

---


When a superclass has only constructors that require arguments, you must be certain that any subclasses provide the superclass constructor with the arguments it needs.

a class can have many constructors. As soon as you create at least one constructor for a class, you can no longer use the automatically supplied version.


When a superclass contains only constructors that require arguments, however, you must include at least one constructor for each subclass you create

when a superclass requires constructor arguments upon object instantiation, even if you have no other reason to create a subclass constructor, you must write the subclass constructor so it can call one of the constructors of the superclass
If a superclass has multiple constructors but one is a default constructor, you do not have to create a subclass constructor unless you want to.
If the subclass contains no constructor, all subclass objects use the superclass default constructor when they are instantiated


keyword `super` always refers to the superclass of the class in which you us
`super(list of arguments);                                                       `